to the next level I guess it normally
goes to the fortress probably why my
talk oh this is the next video now haha
off-screen madness well that was
fantastic I got nothing so we're gonna
take the next level on here let's go
so if world three four is a secret egg
is it I guess I'll have to put the
regular exit in at the end of it I'm
asking be confusing its heck I got that
sit this piece which I know there's
probably power up and in those blocks
down there but well it's looking like
the hitting this red switch is gonna
come in handy this block here which I
didn't know what it did before it's just
a propeller mushroom just without having
one it's actually kind of that's kind of
stupid I think and like takes away the
whole benefit of having the power in the
first place so you could have ice Mario
and then pick this up you know but
whatever I got Piranha Plants shooting
at me here it kind of reminds me of one
of the sky levels in Mario 3 when you're
going up and there's those was like
black ball guys with the fire tails
trying to get here and probably another
secret there which I can't get at but at
least no secret at least no miss star
Quinn
unless of course you know there's a Star
Coin in there which case it will be
missed
well that's the end of the level okay
you'll be seeing the other half when I
hit the red switch maybe I'll just keep
this in with this level here let's hit
this red switch bang
okay
well we're gonna head back in two three
five first okay guys we're at the this
other half of the level now which I get
to see now that I have activated the red
switch which you haven't actually seen
me do yet confusing maybe but regardless
this is the other half of level I'm not
gonna leave you off that little short
bit of level okay let's screw the
propeller block I guess you could call
it like I'm tempted to take it just
because I don't want to I get hit right
now I'm screwed
and it's freezing up again on me my
freezing but it's lagging need stuff to
stop recording yeah
you're gonna one-up for my leg tastic
trebles
hi regardless like all the star coins
now and you're gonna see the rest of
this level because there's quite a bit
of it left so there's a lot of koopa
troopas holy crap good pipe it's gonna
say like worse is gonna lead alright and
that's the end of the level I'll see you
guys for the next episode bye